.\" Copyright (c) 1999  Roland Rosenfeld <roland@debian.org>
.\"               
.\" This manual page is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc.,59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.\" This manual page is written especially for Debian Linux.
.\"
.TH XSYSINFO 1x "June 1999" "Debian Project" "Debian GNU/Linux"
.SH NAME
xsysinfo \- Display Linux kernel parameters in graphical form
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xsysinfo [-help] [-update
.IB n ]
.B [-[no]title] [-[no]labels] [-[no]loadavg] [-[no]load] [-[no]mem]
.B [-[no]swap] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Xsysinfo
is an X application to display some Linux kernel parameters in
graphical form. It is like a mix of top, free and xload with the
difference that the values are shown in form of a horizontal bar. The
displayed values are: CPU load average, CPU load, memory and swap
sizes (details see below).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI -update " n"
Set update rate to
.I n
seconds
.TP
.B -title
Show title string
.TP
.B -notitle
Don't show title string
.TP
.B -labels
Show gauge labels
.TP
.B -nolabels
Don't show gauge labels
.TP
.B -loadavg
Show CPU load average value
.TP
.B -noloadavg
Don't show CPU load average value
.TP
.B -load
Show CPU load value
.TP
.B -noload
Don't show CPU load value
.TP
.B -smp
Show separate SMP loads
.TP
.B -nosmp
Don't show separate SMP loads.
.TP
.B -mem
Show memory info
.TP
.B -nomem
Don't show memory info
.TP
.B -swap
Show swap info
.TP
.B -noswap
Don't show swap info
.TP
.B -help
Display options
.SH DISPLAY
.B Xsysinfo
display the following values:
.TP
.B CPU load average
CPU load average between 0.000-8.000. The gauge's bar is subdivided
into segments, where one segment represents a load value of 1.0. The
bar's full length is automatically scaled, depending on the displayed
value.
.TP
.B CPU load
percentage CPU load time to CPU idle time subdivided in three
segments: user load, system load and nice load. On an SMP system the
-smp option replaces the single total load meter with a separate meter
for each processor.
.TP
.B Memory
The memory gauge's bar is subdivided into two segments with the amount
of physical memory, which is used by processes on the left and
physical memory used for the page and buffer cache on the right. The
length of the whole bar, which is the sum of these two values, shows
the amount of physical memory currently used by the system.
.TP
.B Swap
The percentage of swap space used by the system to total amount of
swap space.
.SH AUTHORS
.B Xsyinfo
is written by Gabor Herr <herr@iti.informatik.th-darmstadt.de> and
currently maintained by Ronald Wahl
<ronald.wahl@informatik.tu-chemnitz.de>.
.PP
This manual page was created by Roland Rosenfeld <roland@spinnaker.de>
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
